So yeah, this one kinda sucked. First scenario is easy enough on its own, I
mostly just edited it to give the player a better chance of getting thru the
following scenario ("The Escape Tunnel"). The undead chasing you thru the
tunnel catch up with you way too quickly, and your dwarf allies are kinda
useless, so I rebalanced that part accordingly. After that it was ok going
until Lake Vrug (10) where the turn limit is way too low given how much snow
you have to trudge thru, so I upped that. Captured (11) was hard to get right
because I couldn't just do the usual tweaking of gold/turns. What was
happening was that the trolls were just killing Gweddry immediately after I
freed all the prisoners before I could have a chance to move him to safety,
so I ended up nerfing all the guards. Which means it looks kinda weird now,
but oh well, whatever. Evacuation (12) was also difficult because the Engineer
isn't very mobile or good at getting past the orcs, so I ended up making it
easier to just overpower them. For the final scenario I couldn't really think
of how to make The Duel (17a) easier while still keeping it recognizable, so
instead I went and tweaked Weldyn Besieged (17b) instead to give Gweddry more
villages at the start. In retrospect I might have gone a bit overboard because
now the Liches just sit around and do nothing after you survive their initial
assault, meaning I ended with a bunch of extra gold. But oh well, I got it to
where I could beat it, so I'm happy.

Note that these changes have been merged back upstream as of this PR being
merged: https://github.com/wesnoth/wesnoth/pull/5496
